hello youtube I am and eat eat and today I
I want to teach how to play in the
unap shot of any version in this
case let's try the 1.7 voucher is the
snapshot of 1.7 and all its variants and
well then also the minecraft for
all the versions that are going
updating for each version that comes out
well you have to go on the website
that I'll leave you in the description of
video and downloads you this file worth
is winrar I will also leave the link
discharge
winrar and good once downloaded only
put on the desk
they know
and they give him here that he will be with java or if
do not open it with java open with java
if you do not have java then scarlett that
download what
well then you register well
register you see it
and then now is the important step not to
das in edit profile here a bit profile a
you will leave without this marked you and
you have to check where it says Able
volume experiments version without up
shorts are you worth the marks you give in
hyeres and now you'll have all the
subjects are good in this case are
of 1.7 because as we can see the 1.7
it is already here updated but as yet
did not officially come out you can not enter
but as we can see here we have all
the versions and even the 1.0 up
because the last one in this case is
the 1.7 point 2 but we can not enter
ok because it's not up to date
ok but for example if we want to enter
in a snapshot ok let's go
well in this one
It is also worth almost everything in the
naftas or everything but it is not yet the
official voucher
because the official let's say it's already for
create a server of the 1.7 and all this
well, this is the snap shot balona
of the various snapshots that there are in
this snapshot because we see that it is already
almost anything does not vary much one of
other
we see is that even the flowers 1 also
we had double grass because we have the
crystals of colors and so on and so on and
well we also have for example
clear defects
but look
this of the feet is worth and good several
several things but basically for
show you how to play in any
snapshot of getting out of any
version immediately when the good
bring it to the public and well, as
have all the versions without
download every time you take a
version a new michaels is worth here the
you will have all of the 1.0 to the last
of all you just need to
download and this and nothing else does
missing or extract xerez or rare things
ok it's that easy this is my
minecraft I hope you liked the
video above all has served you dale
like subscribe to share it with your
friends so they too can
do and well also inform you that I have
decided to postpone it
to reiterate vice city this Sunday
because I'm preparing three maps of
Halloween adventures and they will live
do not forget to stop by my channel if you're
new and well, we'll see nothing